DOCS-#3850: Elaborate on modin.core.dataframe.base and .pandas (#3851)
modin-project/modin: docs/flow/modin/core/dataframe/pandas/dataframe.rst

PandasDataframe
"""""""""""""""

> ``PandasDataframe`` should be a direct descendant of ``BaseDataframe`` which is being factored right now. Its purpose is to implement the abstract interfaces for usage with all ``pandas``-based :doc:`storage formats<flow/modin/core/storage_formats/index.html>`.
> ``PandasDataframe`` could be inherited and augmented further by any specific implementation which needs it to take special care of some behaviour or to improve performance for certain execution engine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:py:class:`~modin.core.dataframe.pandas.dataframe.dataframe.PandasDataframe` should be a direct descendant of ``BaseDataframe`` which is being factored right now. Its purpose is to implement the abstract interfaces for usage with all ``pandas``-based :doc:`storage formats<flow/modin/core/storage_formats/index.html>`.
:py:class:`~modin.core.dataframe.pandas.dataframe.dataframe.PandasDataframe` could be inherited and augmented further by any specific implementation which needs it to take special care of some behavior or to improve performance for certain execution engine.
```
